Then the gardener’s eldest son set out and thought to find the golden
bird very easily; and when he had gone but a little way, he came to a
wood, and by the side of the wood he saw a fox sitting; so he took his
bow and made ready to shoot at it. Then the fox said, ‘Do not shoot me,
for I will give you good counsel; I know what your business is, and
that you want to find the golden bird. You will reach a village in the
evening; and when you get there, you will see two inns opposite to each
other, one of which is very pleasant and beautiful to look at: go not in
there, but rest for the night in the other, though it may appear to you
to be very poor and mean.’ But the son thought to himself, ‘What can
such a beast as this know about the matter?’ So he shot his arrow at
the fox; but he missed it, and it set up its tail above its back and
ran into the wood. Then he went his way, and in the evening came to
the village where the two inns were; and in one of


next_file



The youngest son fell to the bottom of the river’s bed: luckily it was
nearly dry, but his bones were almost broken, and the bank was so steep
that he could find no way to get out. Then the old fox came once more,
and scolded him for not following his advice; otherwise no evil would
have befallen him: ‘Yet,’ said he, ‘I cannot leave you here, so lay hold
of my tail and hold fast.’ Then he pulled him out of the river, and said
to him, as he got upon the bank, ‘Your brothers have set watch to kill
you, if they find you in the kingdom.’ So he dressed himself as a 


next_file


("""Python is a 2000 made-for-TV horror movie directed by Richard
Clabaugh. The film features several cult favorite actors, including William
Zabka of The Karate Kid fame, Wil Wheaton, Casper Van Dien, Jenny McCarthy,
Keith Coogan, Robert Englund (best known for his role as Freddy Krueger in the
A Nightmare on Elm Street series of films), Dana Barron, David Bowe, and Sean
Whalen. The film concerns a genetically engineered snake, a python, that
escapes and unleashes itself on a small town. It includes the classic final
girl scenario evident in films like Friday the 13th. It was filmed in Los Angeles,
 California and Malibu, California. Python was followed by two sequels: Python
 II (2002) and Boa vs. Python (2004), both also made-for-TV films.""")




